what up long beach welcome back to
Cosette's sports.com it's JJ and Tyler
and this girl's soccer playoff video is
brought to you by Naples rib company the
Sun is setting on this 2013 season but
first thing first we got some playoffs
to take care of liquid hosting Norco in
the wild-card round Scott Manson and his
team have taken their bumps and bruises
so far this year they're hoping that a
game at home can kind of set this season
right and unfamiliar in an uneven pitch
it was high pressure from the Lancers
early on this more go team plays on
field turf so they are not used to this
Sanwa well it's bumpy and they're not
used to that Braille that the Lancers
get to play and practice on and five
scoring opportunities came for Lakewood
in the first 15 minutes none for Norka
scrutiny and Savina Torrell leading the
way for the Lancers but Lakewood did
commit 10,000 the first half some more
unnecessary than others and Taylor
Greenwood is ready to turn it around for
Norco she draws this Val here 11 was the
star for the Cougars 26th minute
deflected high off the post by Ilham
Isabella right no so the toughest save
she had to make in the first half and
really that wolf the Lancers up just a
clinical flick on from Greenwood
freshman Chandler McDaniel puts that one
over the top unfortunately there you can
see disappointed at the missed
opportunity
when Mills going to halftime the
beginning of the second half was like
the beginning of the first half Lancers
on again toro here with the early goal
but it was a lot like skeet shooting if
you're an amateur you're all dressed up
there you get your goggles on you're
here plugs in but if you don't hit the
disc really you're just out there making
a bunch of noise firing blanks and
against that beautiful sky where the
Lancer is unable to collect with
anything and Greenwood and the Cougars
slow to find their footing but they did
start to take over and thought they had
their moment in the 68th minute break
away here wide for Greenwood she's up on
it but it's always wide unfortunate
effort there and in the 73rd minute a
long throw comes in Ashlee Lawton is
gonna clear it out this doesn't look
like much JJ but take me through what
happened I mean Toros gonna get the
touch because she knows do planeteers
there in the middle
Taylor do plants here goes wide on both
defenders who's into the open field
she's gonna take the keeper wide as well
and then
the ball about the way home for the
leading go oh my goodness I do I do i do
plan tear the sophomore with the
go-ahead gold it took a while but it's
what nothing like what it did take a
while very lucky to not have that ball
bounce around the ball just didn't
bounce nor COEs way all night long this
night did belong to the home Lancers do
play at air with the winner
you can tell after the game how much
that victory meant to the girls in red
yeah what these wild card games always
great they're usually competitive and
Lakewood is the team that goes out there
and could say hey got that playoff
victory we wanted this video brought to
you in part by McCarty's jewelry here
for you since 1932 liquids moving on and
the rest of the morally girls soccer
teams will start the playoffs this week
for all of that coverage and everything
long beach sports you stay right here
this is gazette sports calm